# C++ Python Integration:
The first part of this project was to create a program that read a .txt file of a grocery list, counted the number of iterations of each item, then printed the list of each item once with the number of times it appeared. The second part of this project was to create the ability to search for an item and display the number of times that particular item appeared. The third part was to read the file once again convert it in the same way as the first part, right it to a .dat file, then print it using c++ as a visual histogram. This project served to test my understanding of C++ and Python, as well as challenge me to integrate the languages together. Each language served its own purpose in the project. C++ was being used for menu loops and alowing for functions to be created on the Python side. Python was being used to create the functions themselves in a simple manner. I was able to integrate the two languages together and use each language to its best ability. There are certainly improvements to be made to my code. One of which is making the search option not be case sensitive. The Python side of this code actually ended up being the more challenging part. It has been quite a while since I have coded in Python so I needed a bit of a refresher. This project did give me a good chance to switch back and forth between languages. Up till now I have only coded one language at a time and I think it is very useful to have more then one under your belt at a time. Overall I am sure there are improvements to be made to this project, but I made a functional program that serves its purpose in a concise way.
